Tanveer Singh alpine govt job director B.tech electrical engineer
Sandeep Mehta alpine academy director ,MSC , BSC 


about us

Hello friends,
                       My name is Tanveer Singh. I would like to introduce our institution ALPINE GOVT. JOBS the name of the institution. ALPINE, where did this word come from? 
                       My hometown Baghapurana where everyone is very much familiar with the name ALPINE ACADEMY coaching institution 
                       for medical and nonmedical directed by Mr. Sandeep Mehta. He is my very respected teacher of mathematics who 
                       inspires me to do this job and also helped me in many aspects.
                       
                        
                      Now I would like to share a little story about my journey. 
              I'm B. Tech graduated from very well reputed college Guru Nanak Dev Engineering college, Ludhiana as Electrical Engineer. 
   After graduation, I go to Chandigarh and start preparing for the competitive exam. I have worked very hard 
   to learn many things for some exam, but at the end, I have achieved many things and 
   unsuccessful also in many exams after one year I understand what we should have prepared or what not for target exam  
   and also understand how coaching institutions make fool innocent students. 
 Just because I do not get the proper guidance I made many mistakes I don't want this happening to anyone again.          
     So here I know completely what you should have to prepare for which exam and I teach you just that. 
                     Now I have started this institution where 
                     you will learn an only useful thing to achieve your goals. let us start this together.



why us:


Why Us,
           Because without proper guidance we make many mistakes in life and sometimes we learn very precious things from that mistake, 
           but some due to these mistakes we lost our precious wealth that is time.
            Time is very important in our life. "Everything is possible" this sentence is correct but incomplete. 
           The complete sentence is "EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE ONLY IF YOU WORK ON THAT WITHIN TIME". Sometimes we did not 
           work on it is thought this is not possible and when we realize it was 
           possible if we try lost that precious time at which that was possible.
    
                     > Why Alpine Govt. Jobs                                                > coaching institute in Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Moga and others
> We teach complete and necessary syllabus related to exam               > teaches lots but not related.  
> 90 days complete course for banking exam and separated                  > 45 days also combine for SSC and banking. 
   100days Complete course for SSC
>  Fresh batch                                                                                         > adjust student in old batches 
> 3 to 3:30 hour daily                                                                               > 2hr day, no extra time 
> Separate doubt sessions                                                                      
> no extra doubt session doubts taken in regular class
> Online test series                                                                                  > gives sheets to practice questions 
> A separate weekend batch of working and                                           > Nothing
   Under graduation student.
> Green card from starting till selection                                                    >only one-time course






::::::::::::::

1) home - details about institude
2) about - ....
3) Courses..
             a) banking ( all po and clerical ), ibps po clerical, sbi po clerical ,rrb po ,rbi etc.
             b) ssc 
             c) punjab jobs (food inspector,punsub , ssc+2 base ,police exam)
             d) railways
4) student login
5) admission form
6) contact us
